I'm at a university
[Music]
always stay
I think I'm gonna go for some of the I'm
so excited energy tea I've actually
three packs of this and one of them's in
a book so I'm gonna use that one but
this was kindly sent to me by the Matt
reserve this tea is pretty much
alongside the vanilla matcha and pumped
replied by Blue Bird my favorite tea I
love this so much it just gets me ready
for the day and I think today is gonna
be a really exciting one so I think this
is the perfect 80s and I'm using this
mug which was kindly given to me by my
headmistress
[Music]
okay so I'm just getting my whoa my
hands I don't know why there was a
slippery um so I'm getting my glide
student set up which is basically the
Wi-Fi so my broadband connection is now
enabled which is great because it means
that I can actually use the Wi-Fi um and
I've actually got a video to upload so
I'm gonna set back to upload and
basically okay so I've written up my
time tape not timetable but to-do list
of things I wanted you to a so set up
Wi-Fi was number one and I've got that
another thing which we need to do is I
need to ask how the shower works because
I tried to have a shower this morning
and I couldn't those you know tries and
then of knobs and it just wasn't working
so I'm gonna go down and ask about
that's
[Music]
okay so basically last night that was
but if you ask a bit of a fiasco with
the orzo and we put it in this container
because these were West's yeah but I
just tried to pour it in and look at
that there is also everywhere I'm just
gonna clear this up quickly
[Music]
look I've got a beautiful set of my
favorite foods so this is the plan I'm
going to just quickly wash up my plate
because I haven't done that yet
and then I'm going to just update my New
Yorker subscription because I need to
send it here as opposed to at home and
then I'm going to go outside and maybe
head to the library
okay there's no one really around at
moment I'm just kind of exploring I
really hope I didn't go anywhere I'm not
allowed to it's really beautiful here
though it's nearly 12 o'clock and I've
just met the tea really lovely people
called Laura auntie Anne I don't know
where there's no one else around here
maybe that's a sign that I shouldn't be
here either
clock tower that they're beautiful
okay so there's old library cafeteria
okay so I'm back in my room and I have
just done some of my pinboard
if you can see so I definitely haven't
finished it because there's still so
much space left but I like the way that
it looks so far and I'm getting way more
of these paranoid prints up here but I
haven't ordered them yet because I
wanted to order them to my address here
but I really like them so we're
currently just walking back to our
accommodation and I'm here with Lillian
czar by the way just something about
studios I just don't feel as there any
one's going to come in I've had my door
open as people have suggested that I do
but to no avail
they once even glanced and I think they
were right when they said that studios
are quite isolated but I'm going to
occur evening this evening which would
be quite nice um that's at 6:00 and it's
currently 22 but it's in my building so
I don't really have to UM I don't have
to head over anywhere um so I have made
a few friends I mean I've been talking
with some new people but it is actually
harder than I thought it would be I was
just actually chatting on my friend's a
lexer about this um I don't know you
kind of you think oh yeah I'll just be
able to you know go up to someone and
then we'll spend the rest of the day
together or something that I didn't
think is that easy
you either make enough to just go up and
say hi so if I call somebody I just go
oh hi and if somebody else is just
standing there I might go up and say hi
you know you here as an undergraduate or
you just starting what are you studying
and making an effort to make
conversation so I've met maybe
10 to 12 people through doing that and
that's been really lovely then three
people have actually recognized me so
which is really weird
it's always very surreal when somebody
recognizes you so they've come up and
said hi and I've got their numbers and
things which is really nice now I don't
know though it's just I think it's
harder than you almost expect for it to
be that's my point but there's nothing
wrong with finding a hard that's what I
want you to know your book is well
everyone's in the same boat at the
moment and if you are starting
University next year or if yours are the
University and the next couple of weeks
and just keep that in mind that
everyone's in the same boat everyone's
trying to make friends so very few
people actually know each other there so
just make an effort to go up to people
and say hi also do you like rayline yard
look kind of nice
Starline yard which i got for christmas
couple of years ago and I just got my
key on the end of this I actually like
this on yours and my dress is new too so
if you're wondering this dress is from
Abercrombie I've got it themself of 14
pounds but it was down from 56 I think
which is pretty good honestly I never
buy from Abercrombie just normal
Abercrombie I always go to the sale
section also you did this here are my
eight um I love the way that this looks
so something really lovely about the
texture of oats but whilst I'm waiting
so cool to have an hour so well 10
minutes until I'll head down I'm just
gonna get a piece of paper up and I'm
gonna make an itinerary for tomorrow
because I want to know where I am with
all the freshness activities because I
requite a few and I don't want to miss
anything so I'm going to use this
journal which my friend Molly got for me
there's got a timetable sections I'm
going to the best but it also I'm going
to just write it in a notebook and use
this one which I got from down home
[Music]
[Applause]
so it's currently nearly 1:00 in the
morning and I'm just sitting in bed and
reading I'm currently reading oranges
are not the only fruit by Jeanette
Winterson it got back at around 12
I've just been puttering around my room
and getting some stuff done I should
have gone to bed as soon as I got him
but I didn't I've been waiting for a bit
too um this book is just so good so
basically at 8:00 I went down to play
some cards and some friends and then we
went on to just kind of we just went and
sat down somewhere and just basically
chatted met some more people it was
really lovely now I'm very tired and
I've got my schedule written up more um
thank you for watching my second
university vlog I hope you enjoyed it
and have